Hey old
In fact, I am interested in this Li Rongfa
I have long been dissatisfied
What do you mean?
20 years ago he was the owner of a small restaurant
He offended a wealthy businessperson at that time
No one gives him win-win ingredients
So he came to my door.
Beg me for three days and three nights
I can't stand it.
I gave him a hand.
It's a pity, what happened later?
And we worked together.
He scaled up.
Occupy Gangnam Road Market
The profit for me is getting less and less
But by this time he had almost monopolized the market
I can only grit my teeth and endure
I didn't expect Li Rongfa to be such a person
Yes!
I knew it earlier
I would never have helped him in the first place
By the way, you find someone.
What do you need me to cooperate with you?
It's very simple, just need it.
When Li Rongfa cut off my food supply
Give me a hand secretly
I can guarantee that you will live on the streets
Manager Lin, I believe in your personality
As long as you need me
I'm always available to help.
I need you to cooperate with me now.
Perform a play
Acting